---
layout: post
title:  "Why I Blog Here ?"
date:   2020-08-09 10:36:47 +0800
category: jekyll update
---
Emmm...First of All, CELEBRATE my success in building this blog after 5-days highly concentrated but still satisfied work.  🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉. It's not an easy work for a totally new hand like me 🤯 but when I saw it growing up bit by bit just like my baby, excitment defeated all the problems.  
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 Cheers 🎊🎊🎊🎊🎊🎊.    
---

The idea about building my own blog occured to me in this summer. At the very beginning, I just want to find a place to `track my learning`, `deepen understanding` as well as `practice my ability of expression in English`. **No self-built server needed, less knowledge of html required, free to customize**, 3 key characters of GitHub Pages + Jekyll caught me. And then... as you see, it works! I am pleased to tell you the first reason why I Blog below.  
  
+ #### Writing helps me to clarify my thoughts 

The most important reason why I decided to pick up blog is its effective funtion of **clarifying**, both for knowledge like programming 
, embeded system and for indistinct thoughts maybe making me anxious but I haven't figured out. When I put myself into writing a post, it forces me to ruminate what I have thought before. For knowledge, it provides a way to teach myself again like what's in Feynman learning method. And for thoughts, writing a post makes it more organized and get me rid of it after writing.  

In this blog, most of the posts are about learning of 3 categories in the upper right-hand coner (maybe added). I will also write some essaies. If the access speed problem is solved, I really want to add galleryies. Full of expectation😜.  
  
Emmm... at the very beginning, I haven't expected to make friends through blog. However, I am really looking forward to have several bosom friends. So if you like my blog or interested about what I'd written or have your own opinion. Welcome to comment in the `issue ` of `Ibroad.github.io` reposity (not willing to add comment function within blog).  
    
    
  
<center>  ✨✨Enjoy Coding  Enjoy Making  Enjoy Life✨✨ </center> 


   


 
  



